## Ruby Koans

The Ruby Koans walk you along the path to enlightenment in order to learn Ruby.
The goal is to learn the Ruby language, syntax, structure, and some common
functions and libraries. We also teach you culture by basing the koans on tests.
Testing is not just something we pay lip service to, but something we
live.  Testing is essential in your quest to learn and do great things in Ruby.

The Ruby Koans walk you along the path to enlightenment in order to learn Ruby.
The goal is to learn the Ruby language, syntax, structure, and some common
functions and libraries. We also teach you culture by basing the koans on tests.
Testing is not just something we pay lip service to, but something we
live.  Testing is essential in your quest to learn and do great things in Ruby.

== The Structure

The koans are broken out into areas by file, hashes are covered in +about_hashes.rb+,
modules are introduced in +about_modules.rb+, <em>etc</em>.  They are presented in
order in the +path_to_enlightenment.rb+ file.

Each koan builds up your knowledge of Ruby and builds upon itself. It will stop at
the first place you need to correct.

Some koans simply need to have the correct answer substituted for an incorrect one.
Some, however, require you to supply your own answer.  If you see the method +__+ (a
double underscore) listed, it is a hint to you to supply your own code in order to
make it work correctly.

== koans solved

- about_exception.rb
- about_arrays.rb
- about_classes.rb
- about_iteration.rb
- about_methods.rb
- about_modules.rb
- about_true_and_false.rb


## Installing Ruby

If you do not have Ruby setup, please visit http://ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/ for
operating specific instructions.  In order to run the koans you need +ruby+ and
+rake+ installed. To check your installations simply type:

*nix platforms from any terminal window:

   [~] $ ruby --version
   [~] $ rake --version

Windows from the command prompt (+cmd.exe+)

   c:\ruby --version
   c:\rake --version

If you don't have +rake+ installed, just run <code>gem install rake</code>

Any response for Ruby with a version number greater than 1.8 is fine (should be
around 1.8.6 or more). Any version of +rake+ will do.

